This scenario, you're working on an app called Health Check.
And what Health Check is, is basically an app that administers a quiz.
And that quiz can tell the person who's using it,
how helpfully they're living.
The questions appear in this box here and
the user can answer either yes, sometimes, or no.
And let's say there's about 100 different questions and they range from things like,
do you exercise more than three times a week?
Do you drink less than two caffeinated drinks a day?
Or do you have a supportive social network?
Now, the questions are phrased in such a way that when you say yes,
that always means you're more healthy and when you say no it means you're less healthy.
Sometimes, it's sort of an inconclusive answer.
And what the app is doing, is really keeping track of the score.
When you hit "Yes", it adds one to the health level,
when you answer sometimes,
it remains unchanged, and when you answer no,
it subtracts one from the health level.
Also, once you've selected one of these options,
it will show you a summary of what you just answered
and what your current health level is before giving you the next question.
We're just going to look at the interaction between clicking one of
these buttons and showing the summary of where you're at right here.
Let's look at the code. Okay, so here's the code.
And I've also provided in the instructor notes,
if you want to take a look at the sort of text version of this.
Again, it's not the complete code.
This little ellipsis here mean that there's code
before and after the methods that you're shown here.
So, how does this work?
Well, when you hit the "Yes" button,
the yes method is called.
This increases the health level,
makes a message, and then displays that message.
Similarly, when you hit the "Sometimes" button,
the sometimes method is called.
The only difference here is that instead of adding one you add zero,
which means that the variable value doesn't really change.
And the format is similar when you get the "No" button.
The no method is called,
one is subtracted from the health level,
and the message is printed.
Okay, we have two variables in this program.
Health level and message.
Let's look at message first.
So, my first question to you is,
from the code that you see here,
is message a local or global variable?